# Englisch
plugin.name=Plugin Inventory Express
plugin.description=

app.name=Inventory Express
app.description=

module.name=Modul Inventory Express
module.description=

org.WebExpress.Inventory=Inventory

inventoryexpress.inventories.label=Inventories
inventoryexpress.inventory.label=Inventoriy
inventoryexpress.inventory.description=The inventory item
inventoryexpress.inventory.name.label=Name
inventoryexpress.inventory.name.description=The name of the inventory item.
inventoryexpress.inventory.add.label=Add inventory item
inventoryexpress.inventory.edit.label=Edit inventory item
inventoryexpress.inventory.edit.display={0}

inventoryexpress.costcenters.label=Cost centers
inventoryexpress.costcenter.label=Cost center
inventoryexpress.costcenter.description=The cost center of the inventory item.
inventoryexpress.costcenters.add.label=Add cost center
inventoryexpress.costcenters.edit.label=Edit cost center
inventoryexpress.costcenters.edit.display={0}
inventoryexpress.costcenters.form.name.label=Name
inventoryexpress.costcenters.form.name.description=The name of the cost center.
inventoryexpress.costcenters.form.description.label=Beschreibung
inventoryexpress.costcenters.form.description.description=
inventoryexpress.costcenters.form.image.label=Bild
inventoryexpress.costcenters.form.image.description=
inventoryexpress.costcenters.form.tag.label=Schlagwörter
inventoryexpress.costcenters.form.tag.description=

inventoryexpress.ledgeraccounts.label=Ledger accounts
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.label=Ledger account
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.description=The ledger account of the inventory item.
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.add.label=Add ledger account
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.edit.label=Edit ledger account
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.edit.display={0}
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.form.name.label=Name
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.form.name.description=The name of the ledger account.
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.form.description.label=Beschreibung
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.form.description.description=
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.form.image.label=Bild
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.form.image.description=
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.form.tag.label=Schlagwörter
inventoryexpress.ledgeraccount.form.tag.description=

inventoryexpress.locations.label=Locations
inventoryexpress.location.label=Location
inventoryexpress.location.description=The location of the inventory item.
inventoryexpress.location.add.label=Add location
inventoryexpress.location.edit.label=Edit location
inventoryexpress.location.edit.display={0}
inventoryexpress.location.form.name.label=Name
inventoryexpress.location.form.name.description=The name of the location.
inventoryexpress.location.form.description.label=Beschreibung
inventoryexpress.location.form.description.description=
inventoryexpress.location.form.image.label=Bild
inventoryexpress.location.form.image.description=
inventoryexpress.location.form.tag.label=Schlagwörter
inventoryexpress.location.form.tag.description=

inventoryexpress.manufactors.label=Manufactors
inventoryexpress.manufactor.label=Manufactor
inventoryexpress.manufactor.description=The manufacturer of the inventory item.
inventoryexpress.manufactor.add.label=Add manufacturer
inventoryexpress.manufactor.edit.label=Edit manufacturer
inventoryexpress.manufactor.edit.display={0}
inventoryexpress.manufactor.edit.media.label=Edit image
inventoryexpress.manufactor.edit.media.description=Ändern Sie das Bild hier.
inventoryexpress.manufactor.delete.label=Deleting manufacturers
inventoryexpress.manufactor.delete.description=Are you sure you want to delete the manufacturer?
inventoryexpress.manufactor.delete.media.label=Delete image
inventoryexpress.manufactor.delete.media.description=Are you sure you want to delete the image?
inventoryexpress.manufactor.form.name.label=Name
inventoryexpress.manufactor.form.name.description=The name of the manufacturer.
inventoryexpress.manufactor.form.description.label=Description
inventoryexpress.manufactor.form.description.description=
inventoryexpress.manufactor.form.image.label=Image
inventoryexpress.manufactor.form.image.description=
inventoryexpress.manufactor.form.tag.label=Tags
inventoryexpress.manufactor.form.tag.description=
inventoryexpress.manufactor.creationdate.label=Creation date
inventoryexpress.manufactor.creationdate.description=
inventoryexpress.manufactor.updatedate.label=Last update
inventoryexpress.manufactor.updatedate.description=

inventoryexpress.suppliers.label=Suppliers
inventoryexpress.supplier.label=Supplier
inventoryexpress.supplier.description=The supplier of the inventory item.
inventoryexpress.supplier.add.label=Add supplier
inventoryexpress.supplier.edit.label=Edit supplier
inventoryexpress.supplier.edit.display={0}
inventoryexpress.supplier.form.name.label=Name
inventoryexpress.supplier.form.name.description=The name of the supplier.
inventoryexpress.supplier.form.description.label=Beschreibung
inventoryexpress.supplier.form.description.description=
inventoryexpress.supplier.form.image.label=Bild
inventoryexpress.supplier.form.image.description=
inventoryexpress.supplier.form.tag.label=Schlagwörter
inventoryexpress.supplier.form.tag.description=

inventoryexpress.templates.label=Templates
inventoryexpress.template.label=Template
inventoryexpress.template.description=The template
inventoryexpress.template.add.label=Add template
inventoryexpress.template.edit.label=Edit template
inventoryexpress.template.edit.display={0}
inventoryexpress.template.form.name.label=Name
inventoryexpress.template.form.name.description=The name of the template.
inventoryexpress.template.form.unused.label=Attributes
inventoryexpress.template.form.unused.description=Other attributes.
inventoryexpress.template.form.description.label=Beschreibung
inventoryexpress.template.form.description.description=
inventoryexpress.template.form.image.label=Bild
inventoryexpress.template.form.image.description=
inventoryexpress.template.form.tag.label=Schlagwörter
inventoryexpress.template.form.tag.description=

inventoryexpress.condition.label=Condition
inventoryexpress.condition.description=The condition of the inventory item.

inventoryexpress.parent.label=Membership of
inventoryexpress.parent.description=Belonging to another inventory item.

inventoryexpress.tags.label=Tags
inventoryexpress.tags.description=

inventoryexpress.description.label=Description
inventoryexpress.description.description=

inventoryexpress.help.label=Help
inventoryexpress.details.label=Details

inventoryexpress.add.label=Add
inventoryexpress.add.description=Creates a new item.
inventoryexpress.edit.label=Edit
inventoryexpress.delete.label=Delete
inventoryexpress.print.label=Print
inventoryexpress.print.Description=Prints the current item.